You're getting ready to enter into a different phase of life.
I'm so excited for you, and Liz.
It's going to be so easy.
Oh, my God.
[LAUGHTER]
If it's an easy baby, I swear I'm going to lose my mind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was looking at a bright screen.
Oh, my God.
What are you looking at?
Did you pull up a picture of the sun?
No, the open router page is brighter than the sun, I think.
Wow.
OK, now I've got to look open right now.
There's a white.
It's just white.
I've got to just look at the reality page, yeah.
OK, on off.
Oh, mine's not nearly as extreme.
Yeah, yours is--
Your setup is a lot nicer.
I've always had this problem where my screen just lights up
my face like crazy.
I want to figure out I set up.
Like, it just got in way too crazy.
And I have all this equipment for doing content stuff,
but none of it is set up exactly right,
so I don't get that much benefit.
And then it's still like clutter.
So I'm trying to figure out what I'm going to do.
Yeah, I feel this pain because I want
to start doing some streaming.
I want to start doing some videos,
a lot of open code content stuff.
I hate the word content.
I hate when I say the word content.
I hate when I talk about how I said the word content.
I'm just--
You're doing content right now.
I know.
I hate it.
Someone said that to me yesterday, like, you have a podcast.
And I just forget that we have a podcast.
It doesn't feel like we have a podcast, if that makes sense.
It still just feels like we record some of our calls
and share them with people.
Some of them we don't.
We've been talking a lot more on the phone
without recording it.
We used to never talk unless we were recording it.
Yeah, every morning.
That was start my day.
Mm-hmm.
Kind of with Adam.
We'll stand up.
I mean, the thing I was telling you,
I wanted to figure out how--
OK.
Yeah, just browsing the internet.
Don't worry about me.
You just did a weird hand motion.
I was like, I think you were talking to me
to hang out for a second.
I don't know.
You kind of did.
Oh, geez.
I think I did.
It's like a hand-moved.
And I don't know why.
I don't know what it did.
It was like all the way up by our face.
I know this.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm having this like memory of my hand going up.
And I got to watch the tape now because I don't know why I did it.
And that's so weird.
Maybe I'm having a stroke.
Sorry.
It was a pretty feminine gesture, too, if I'm just kidding.
Was it?
OK.
It's so weird.
I can't remember why I moved my hand.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm kind of stressed.
OK.
Continue.
So I want to make it so when we put out a new feature,
I can just easily jump in and do a two-minute video on it.
And I've done this a bunch in the past, and they typically--
they work really well.
People like them.
And I think you get more out of it than just a silent video.
And it's not that much work right now.
I just have to record.
But I want them to be a little more polished than what they
currently look like.
So I'm trying to figure out how to have a workflow around that.
So my root issue is I'm kind of limited in how good I can make
my current space look, because my room is pretty small.
So I don't--
I think maybe I'm maxed out unless I literally find a place
in that downtown area.
Well, I did look.
There's actually places like the downtown area where I live.
There's a recording place.
Just like we had the--
we found the music recording studio in my area.
There's also a video recording podcast type thing.
But I'd have to go to that and record.
So I don't know if that's any easier.
I feel like that sounds like the opposite
of removing friction from recording content.
It's like driving somewhere.
I mean, it removes stuff.
It removes stuff from my office, which
is just like a dirty thing.
OK, so I feel that pain.
Yeah, OK, I have all these same pain points,
because I moved my office from my very nice-looking room
to the dungeon that is our unfinished space.
So I have this very dark room.
I thought that I'd have advantages.
But now it's like I don't enjoy the background.
But it's the only place where I feel
OK having all this stuff, the camera, the lights,
the mics, all of it.
I do want to just be in a nicer space.
But it's really hard to do that with this junk just out.
It's like I would just move into a big open area out here
that would look really nice with lots of natural light
and it'd be great.
But then Casey would hate me forever, because--
All your stuff is out there.
That's stuff.
Yeah.
So obviously, it's streaming that you can go crazy.
But in terms of just making a quick two-minute video,
what's the absolute minimum you need?
Obviously, you need a camera.
And one of those--
What if you didn't, though?
Do you need the camera?
Do we have to put our faces on the camera?
Can we just go fire ship and just make explainer videos
that have funny motion graphics and whatever
and create a style that doesn't require all this shit?
Because I hate it.
That's very interesting.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And we would just find someone that can kind of help
that stuff for us and we just throw them the raw footage
and they do it.
We just share a screen, because that
would eliminate a whole lot of problems.
That is interesting.
I mean, we lose the competitive advantage
of our attractiveness.
But we gain a whole lot of simplicity,
and our offices will look nice again.
This is interesting.
I don't know what was streaming, how I feel about this.
I feel like streaming--
Yeah, yeah, you were streaming probably doesn't work.
Yeah.
So this is going to work for you and not for me.
I give up the idea.
Ugh.
I mean, yeah.
But I think the fire ship thing is really cool,
but he might be like a one-of-one situation.
I think it's pretty hard to do that.
It's not so much like the precedent has been set.
You don't have to have your face in your videos
for them to be good.
No, no, yeah.
I agree.
I just wonder if there's enough.
Yeah, we have to find a very distinct style
that feels better than having our faces in there.
Yeah, I had this thought with all the new--
so VO3, which is Google's video generation model--
with all these new AI generation for video things,
I wonder, could you make good supplemental b-roll stuff,
not like--
Yeah, b-roll stuff for sure, yeah, yeah.
But I mean, making graphics without having to learn
how to use After Effects, because people who are really
good at that stuff can make really good-looking stuff.
But can you just do it in Vio now?
That's a good question.
I've never seen anyone post stuff like that.
I wouldn't always post photo-realistic stuffer.
Yeah.
Why does that stuff always look so glossy?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah.
There's something shiny about it that feels off.
Yeah, I feel like they'll figure it out, maybe.
Some of the latest stuff that I've seen, like VO3,
does look better, I think.
It definitely is way better than anything I've seen, but--
But there's still a little uncanny valley element to it that's--
And I think this problem predates AI stuff,
because I feel like at some point, most CGI
started getting this glossy, clean look to it that made
it look really fake, maybe just because older stuff wasn't CGI.
It was more practical.
But yeah, I don't know.
It just feels too clean.
There's something like smooth and clean and glossy.
Yeah.
That just reminded me of something else I wanted to share.
This is a complete tangent.
I guess I don't need to preface that at this point.
But I was just telling someone the other day about we watched--
some of my boys are obsessed with Minecraft,
I think I'm told you.
And when the Minecraft movie came out,
we wanted to watch it as soon as possible.
And in order to do that, I guess sometimes you
have to resort to these versions of the film that
are not finished.
So they're like the editors use them.
You know what I'm talking about?
I remember I watched some crappy X-Men movie like that,
and it was hilarious.
It's hilarious.
I didn't know these existed, but we
watched this version of the movie.
And it's still green screens everywhere.
It's like all the anime characters' mouths don't move,
and they're really deformed and weird.
We watched the whole thing.
It's like an hour and whatever, hour and 40 minutes.
And my boys loved it.
They didn't care a bit.
And I'm like, why do they even spend the time and money
finishing the movie?
It's like for kids' movies.
It's just like, ship anything, and they don't care.
I mean, maybe it's because it's Minecraft,
and they're such that's with that, but like--
Yeah, I remember I watched this movie that I watched.
There was some--
I distinctly remember there were some--
there was some X-Men movie, and there was that classic scene.
I think by "Clops" a guy can shoot lasers from his eyes
where he can't control it.
There's a scene where he can't control it,
and the laser blasts through the ceiling,
and you see an over-shot of building the lasers
coming out of the building.
But in this print, it was just a giant three rectangle
that was red.
They're just like a placeholder for it.
It looks so bad.
But what's funny, I don't know if it's the same for years,
though, because it wasn't like the whole movie was equally
unfinished.
It was like random--
No, right.
--part of it.
Yeah.
Which is completely ridiculous.
Yeah, it'll go from like a semi-normal scene.
I guess ones where they didn't have as much work to do,
and then cut to like they're all just standing on stage
with a green screen.
It's like, does that make you appreciate actors more like?
It does, actually.
What a hard job.
Actors and also the people who do all the post-production,
because to take the shit show that it is,
the state that it's in, and turn that into good-looking footage.
Because we later watched a real movie
when that came out recently.
It's incredible.
None of the bad stuff.
It's all fixed.
But you watch-- yeah, there'll be footage
where you don't see the green screen,
but you just see all the green halo around them.
All their hair is green from the lighting from the green screen.
But they've kind of replaced the green screen.
Every frame they have to fix that stuff.
It's kind of incredible to think that a movie gets made ever.
It just seems like there's so much mountain of work.
Movies seem so--
I do not understand how so many get made.
There's so many people involved.
Think about how hard it is to a team of five.
Can you think of five to all that work probably?
That's hard.
There's hundreds of people working--
Oh, yeah, the credits.
Yeah, when you watch the credits, it's incredible.
So much money involves compressed time schedule.
The thing I also think about is oftentimes
you'll see when a director first gets their big break,
it's usually that they've made something small that was good.
Then they get picked up by the Hollywood studio
to make something that has a $200 million budget.
Of course, they have people around them supporting them.
But I've always been like, that's such a crazy jump.
Imagine you're just making these like--
Oh, yeah.
$10,000, $100,000 movies.
And all of a sudden, you're like, oh, yeah.
Here's $200 million.
You're in charge.
And there's like hundreds, thousands of people working on it.
It's-- yeah, I don't know how anyone makes that jump.
This is actually something I can't believe
we've never talked about.
I don't think we've ever talked about this on the podcast,
which kind of blows my mind.
Why have we not taken movie studios, the model,
whatever they figured out?
Because you're mentioning compressed schedule.
Sometimes they turn these movies around in what, like,
two years or something?
Yeah.
How have we not taken some lessons from that
and applied it to like startups or companies?
Because there's a finished date on the project.
OK, so that's why it doesn't apply?
I think that's fundamentally why it's different.
There's a date when the thing is complete.
You cannot do anything else to it.
And you're done, like, there's no mystery on, like,
do we need to keep it?
Do we need to go into this?
We need to go into that.
It's just like there's a project and needs to be done.
So movie studios, game studios, et cetera, yeah.
Hear me out.
If a movie ends up, we create this, like, amazing artifact.
And all these people come together
to push it to this crazy, awesome state
in a short compressed time frame.
And the only constraint is you have
to pick a date when it's done.
Can we not do that with software and then just be done with it?
Yeah, let's go video games.
OK.
I think the only software that is sold that way,
where it's like there's a day where everyone buys it
and it's, like, basically done.
And it's funny, because even video games are, like,
totally transformed now, right?
Like, a lot of other studios have, like, infinite updates,
expansions, like the whole live service thing.
It's built, like, a fast product.
And that follows the trend of, like, yeah, they suck now.
It's the inshitification you've talked about.
Like, now video games, people complain
about how buggy they are when they first ship.
And, like, that's all because we got rid of the movie studio
model.
Let's just bring it back.
It's the problem that, like, the real world is too messy
for software to have an in-date.
That's the problem.
I think there's just-- it's kind of, like,
accepting the reality of the world, which is with software,
it's somewhat fungible compared to a movie.
Like, one movie versus another movie is not replaceable.
Like, you can't be like, oh, I can replace this movie
with another movie, because there are totally
different experiences.
But--
OK, I'm still-- I'm sorry.
I've got to stop you.
I still am trying to just think of what fungible means.
I was trying to pick up context exclusion words.
I've heard the word.
I'm afraid to ask now at this point.
But, like, what is fungible?
It means, like, that you can replace one instance of it
with another.
Like, in a group of things, all the things
are effectively equivalent.
So I have this group of almonds on my desk, one almond,
eating one versus the other, they're effectively the same.
You just snack on almonds.
It's like raw.
Yeah, it was probably that.
You don't like almonds?
I'm not a big fan.
Kind of a sneaker.
Do I know it's in general?
I do love nuts.
Yeah, just not on a mess.
I think you're going to say macadamia.
Oh, macadamia is that how we're talking about.
I can do it.
I am so sweet.
Oh, yeah, macadamia is too.
But, of course, it's the most expensive nut that you like.
They are.
I literally do.
That's so funny.
Oh, I think they're probably like grown in Hawaii or whatever.
I have expensive taste.
OK, so back to the fungible.
So you're saying software is not fungible or is fungible.
It's more fun.
It's more fungible than a movie.
So, like, someone else can come in
and make similar software that does the same thing
in the same space.
Oh, OK.
Competitors.
I'm only learning what those are recently
because we work on open code.
And there are 1 million and two competitors to open code.
Oh, my God.
That's new for me, too.
Yeah, like, yo, yeah, you've worked on SSC.
Like, most of my career has been working on statmues.
And, like, there's nothing like statmues.
I mean, there's a couple of comparisons.
But, like, largely built for five years on statmues
without ever thinking about, like, our competitors.
And it's been, like, a month of work on open code.
And it's like, there's new ones literally every week.
What in the world?
There's too many AI coding agents.
I can't say that.
I feel-- I even felt an experience in a while,
especially in the startup stuff.
But this now is something that I feel a lot of an experience
with where, like, my--
I don't have, like, the experience of psychology
having, like, so much intense competition that
shows up every single day.
Yeah.
Like, I need to, like, develop my own sense of how I, like,
operate with that day-to-day.
Yeah.
It's definitely very new for me.
It's new.
There's a lot of things about it.
I don't like, if I'm being honest.
There's probably parts of it that are nice.
I don't know.
It's a different kind of, like, to have a look
at what other people are doing.
And it can kind of either motivate you or give you ideas.
That's interesting.
You're not just, like, making everything up as you go.
But it also is really annoying.
That part of it's annoying, because it just feels like everybody
feels like we have to copy each other.
Whenever somebody does something, you have to do it, too.
And it's like, somebody's going to come into your discord
and be like, why don't you support x, y, z?
And it's like, well, I guess we should support that.
And then you have to add it.
I don't know.
It's just like, there's a lot of annoying parts to it
with this whole competition thing.
I don't think I like it.
But I feel like you're a big capitalist person.
Pro-capitalism, you're going to be, like,
competition is very important for the health of the economy
and the river.
Yeah, it's good for everyone else.
But-- But it's not the people in the thick of it.
Compute it.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's like, I think the way I'm approaching it
is kind of trying to take a step back
and thinking about what I personally am really good at
and the decisions we've made and how, if you replay that
every single day over the next year,
they'll probably add up to a good spot.
Every day is not going to feel like we're winning.
That's I think that's the thing that's new for me.
Because when you're in a space, it's not as competitive.
If you're-- I guess he had no competition,
but there was other things.
But we're always the best option of the options.
So there wasn't a day where someone else had a spotlight
on them or anything, which is kind of different with this.
That picks at one of my insecurities--
or not insecurities, but one of the things
I don't think I'm good at, which is knowing what I'm good at.
So maybe that's why I hate the competition thing,
because what you said makes sense.
That sounds refreshing to be like, listen,
I know what I'm good at, and I'm just
going to keep doing that, and things will be great.
I don't feel like I know what I'm good at often,
and I question it all the time.
And I try and figure out, why have I
had any success in my career?
Because I think I'm good at it.
Yeah, I guess for me, it's a little more tangible,
because ultimately, we're building a tool for developers.
I've been doing that for a very long time,
and there's a lot of counterintuitive stuff
that I've picked up, and as a team we've picked up.
So that is not something you can kind of drop in overnight.
And the tough part is, that doesn't manifest as, oh,
we built this one feature that nobody else did
is a very experience.
It's more around positioning and little details
and knowing what we should focus on,
what we should focus on, what kind of paints you
into a corner.
But none of those things are cute.
They're things that show up after years of working on something.
You see the results of that kind of experience.
I think that that's kind of like the struggle.
All of our advantages are more small things every day
that add up to a big thing.
OK.
Yeah, it is interesting how when you're
building in the dev tool space, that you've
got a lot of experience with this.
When you're building a dev tool, all your competitors
have a lot of the same advantages.
You don't have some advantages where you're a developer
building a product for yourself.
Everyone's building a product for themselves.
We're all developers.
That's actually the counterintuitive thing, though.
It helps that we're building products for ourselves.
That's good.
But this market is so, so, so massive.
That there's just so many different situations that
exist that you can't even fathom of.
The long tail, and it's like huge.
You would imagine that, oh, most people are like me,
and there's like a few people not like me.
It's actually most people aren't like you,
especially the people operating in this space.
And I've just learned that over the years.
We see people--
I mean, the funniest thing with SST that always happened
was we've worked so hard on making certain things work
really well, and certain features,
and get to a really high level of developer experience.
Then we'll talk to some enterprise company using our stuff.
And 80% of the features don't work in their environment.
But they're really happy.
They're really happy, and they're like, this is great.
It's just like from their point of view,
this stuff that we're like, this is so important,
their expectations are so low for one.
And then for two, we just assume some of this stuff
would just work everywhere, but it doesn't.
Because there's all these weird setups, and restrictions,
and all that stuff.
So that is something you cannot buy or learn overnight.
It is like learned after years of messing up over and over.
Yeah, so that's one thing.
And the second thing is this B2C focus.
I think most developers do not have the B2C bend to them.
You worked outside--
OK, that I believe.
--B2C.
I have only had one experience prior to SST
that was more B2C oriented.
And I wouldn't even say, I learned the right things from that.
Jay and Frank, extremely B2C oriented,
I've learned a ton working with them.
And it's all very simple stuff, but just kind of a different mindset.
I think developers are--
it's very counterintuitive to the way most developers think.
And you can see that why you can see that most big consumer
apps aren't really founded by really strong engineering
founders for the most part.
And I think DevTools is that, and people don't really realize it,
because it seems very technical and engineering.
Just this conversation, this little--
where I'm like third branch of the original conversation.
I don't know if we're ever going to resolve
what we were talking about, but made me think of like three
more things I want to talk about related to the open code stuff.
Yeah, go.
I may assume we'd talk a lot about open code.
One, before I forget, just things that seem really overrated.
We've been now working on open code for a while,
and there's so many competitors.
And everyone, like I said, we're all just copying features
from each other, and you have to have all the features.
And some of them are just so stupid.
And I want to just say things that are stupid.
Reasoning models, I know you're going to agree with a lot of these.
Overrated, maybe.
Not stupid, but just like, I don't get it.
So reasoning models, I know people
say they're so much smarter and look at the benchmarks and whatever,
but they're just really slow.
And I don't care.
They're so slow.
And subagents, also stupid, don't care.
Agents.md, stupid, don't care.
Like, initializing the project is just stupid.
There's just so many of these things I'm just reevaluating.
Like, should we just cut this stuff out if we actually
don't believe in it?
But you just feel like when so many people
keep asking for the same stuff, custom commands.
Why don't you guys use custom commands?
No, it's not worth the time.
I feel like all this stuff, people
are really trying to just tinker too much.
I don't know.
Yeah, I think it's one of these things
where it's like, you can get to a really good experience
without any of those things.
Yeah, I believe that.
And I think you can actually continue to use it even
on your first day, on your 10th day, on your 100th day,
still without using any of those things.
I don't.
And I'm happy using these tools.
But yeah, there is this push of putting more and more stuff
around it.
Yeah, I think I've said this before.
I'm generally OK with that, as long
as the new user experience is not hindered at all.
Yeah, I think.
But yeah, some of these things--
People do work differently, I guess.
That's the thing I'm just counting.
Yes, people do work differently.
Something like custom commands, you can imagine that if there's
something that you're constantly doing with the LOM,
it's kind of nice to just give it a shortcut more or less.
It's just a shortcut at the end of the day.
The sub-agents thing, yeah, that one,
I'm just like, I'm surprised Cloud Code shipped it for one.
We knew how to do it for weeks.
And we knew how we were going to do it for weeks.
And I didn't bother shipping it, because I had no reason to.
Then Cloud Code added in, that was like, OK, I guess,
I'll turn this on now.
It just doesn't work well.
The problem for me is the expectation versus reality.
It's like, agents have these, another good one.
I actually would love to use it.
I would love to say, here's how we do CSS.
Here's how I don't like using pry-catch.
Throw errors and handle high up.
I don't like using L statements, return early.
It's just stuff like that.
And in theory, that's great.
I think I can spend five minutes trying that up.
And it would actually save me a lot of time.
But the reality is, this is never--
It doesn't look that way.
Weighted enough, yeah.
Yeah, maybe we can tweak something with that.
But I don't know if you saw people
were looking at the way Cloud Code sends it up.
It was like, here are some extra instructions.
Feel free to ignore that.
[LAUGHTER]
That's awesome.
So yeah, it just doesn't work.
In theory, sub-agents worked really well.
I think I have one.
I tried to set one up for docs writing,
because I was like, here's how we'd like to write docs.
Don't write a big chunk of text with every sentence.
Break it up with an example or something else.
Would be great.
But again, even if the sub-agent gets triggered, which
half the time it doesn't, and then it goes,
not really listening to it.
So these are kind of disappointing features
at the end of the day.
Yeah.
For me, they've been just not something I care about.
I mean, I've tried, I've used them at times,
and then just kind of not seeing the point.
But I guess, to your point, if it's not in people's way,
and the people who do care about this stuff
can just opt into it, then I guess it's just a surface area
we have to support, it's whatever.
It's just so interesting to be working in this space,
where I do believe that the model's not even getting better,
just the model's this good.
I feel like there's still a huge amount of stuff
to improve about this whole agentic coding assistant world.
And I feel like everyone's working toward that.
But it's so unknown.
There's just still what is the best workflow.
I feel like there's got to be an 80/20 best way
to use these things that we just haven't found it yet,
and everyone's still just searching.
But it's so elusive because all the evaluations
are all over the place, and people
have their own little homespun way of evaluating,
and there's some YouTubers that do stuff.
But there's no concrete evidence that anything you do
is actually making anything better.
It's all just kind of very fuzzy.
Yeah.
I had a conversation yesterday, which
was a little bit enlightening in one of these directions.
So we shipped permissions yesterday.
And I was talking to someone about how they use these tools.
Now, when you hear permissions, you
think, oh, they are really worried about it breaking something,
so they want to review every single thing.
But a person was talking about a different perspective.
They actually don't really use it for permissions.
They're reluctant to let it run in the background
and come back to it, because they feel like they are more
likely to not properly evaluate a giant diff, which
would you like when I get a giant diff,
I don't really evaluate it properly.
So they use permissions as a way to see the changes
incrementally, so they're absorbing it not as giant chunk
at once.
Interesting.
And that's interesting, because we've
talked a lot about how open code should
be just a good code review tool.
So they were expressing their need very adamantly.
I need permissions, because I don't
want to go off the rails.
But in theory, if the thing you got at the end
was very easily digestible.
Yeah, we've stepped through it.
Yeah, exactly.
A lot of, like, yeah, effectively someone
that really organizes their commits,
you can set them in one at a time,
like the equivalent of that.
Maybe they would feel differently.
Yeah.
So these are some of the product-y things that I think--
yeah, I think the bar's pretty low.
I don't think people would really thought about it in this way
or talk to people or try to understand some of these things.
Agreed.
Yeah, I'd like to say, we'll figure it out first.
I don't know.
I mean, when it comes to competition,
that's kind of what it comes down to.
It's like there is the current table stakes
and there's the stuff that you're doing above and beyond.
But that just shifts down all the time.
Like, the thing that's above and beyond becomes table stakes.
So--
Yeah, as long as you always get the one that's
first to the above and beyond.
You don't have to worry about competition.
And that's kind of what I'm leaning back on.
I want to get into a place where I'm not
thinking about competition at all.
I think, like, I mean, Cloud Code has just taken off.
It's huge.
And you feel like you're chasing this giant.
But also, this is what makes me think it's
more about just avoiding the terrible fatal flaw--
or not fatal flaw-- but you talk about architecture,
stuff like that where you just get into situations
where there's a fundamental reason
your thing does not adapt to the new paradigm.
And I feel like with Cloud Code, that
could be just anthropic models not being the best.
As long as they only support anthropic models,
then they kind of fall out of the running
for maybe months on end while they're playing catch up
if some other model leapfrogs them.
I mean, there's a lot of talk of GPT-5 coming.
Could it be better?
I don't know.
Could Gemini-3 be better?
Like, some models going to come out and be better
at agentic coding than the Cloud models.
And that means if you're using Cloud Code,
you're just opting into something less than, which is tough.
So I just view it almost just like minefield,
where you're just trying to avoid the fatal flaw to keep you
in it longer.
Yeah, that's why it's like I said earlier,
it's so much about this is just positioning
and picking the right spot on the board, which
is why when I think about competition,
Cloud Code actually draws no emotion for me at all.
Yeah, no same.
Actually, because I like them.
Yeah, me too.
Like, it's just like the team, like the people on the team.
Yeah, it's like, I only feel like good things.
Yeah, same.
I don't really feel that because they're not
in the similar spot on the board as us,
even though the product is very similar.
If I really think about it, if I can step back
and have clarity, I think there's really only one other company
that's in a similar spot and that's
Klein with their fundraising announcement yesterday
and how much they talked about their positioning.
They're probably the only other company or product
that would say that really gets that spot that we're
trying to occupy and how we're positioning stuff around it.
So when it comes to them, I also don't feel that negative
about them either.
I don't either.
Because in their case, their product is very different,
at least for now.
So for them, it's just like a straight execution battle.
Like, who can execute better?
And that's something that I don't feel worried about either,
because I have confidence in myself.
I think that's really all that--
there's a lot of noise and a lot of things
happening in this space.
But I think that's really only--
that's like the only thing to really think about and take away.
The rest of it is kind of a normal noise,
because they're either on totally different spots
on the board, spots that we think
are not good to be on.
And so it doesn't really matter what they do or what they're
doing, it's just the positioning is off.
I kind of want to dig more into it,
but I don't know, just Y-cline and not
the three other forks of Klein or whatever.
You just mean because they just raised
and they're going very enterprise.
I don't know.
I think their business model similar--
focus on open source is really good.
It's not just like-- the thing is, everyone says,
oh, open source is great.
Everyone says that.
It's obviously not controversial.
But I think they specifically understand why it's good.
It's not just like a general statement,
and they're actually very much positioned around that.
The way they want to charge--
the way they want to make money, I think, makes total sense,
exactly the way that we're thinking about it.
And they launched a preview of their product,
their paid product yesterday.
I think-- yeah, it's like very exactly how we're thinking
about it as well.
Like, not charge for usage, pure seat-based model,
only charge enterprise companies for the typical team--
using this product as a team problems.
I think-- so that's all there, so I'm like, OK,
we're basically the same positioning-wise.
The thing that I think is very different
is they've been around for a lot longer than us.
And if you look at their scope, it's so pretty narrow.
And one thing our team is really, really, really good
at, it's funny, because we feel like we're bad at this,
because I think everyone's bad at this.
But I would say we're very good at compared to the average team
is we do not restrict our scope, ever, because it's painful,
because it means that each thing that we do
isn't as polished as we could possibly make it.
That's why most people are bad at this,
because you want to just really polish.
You want to focus on something and really polish it.
But we are really good at expanding scope
to cover way more than most people
would be comfortable taking on.
Yeah, it's interesting to seeing clients fundraise
and seeing a picture of them in their office or whatever.
And there's a huge team.
Yeah, it's a big team with a narrow scope.
This open code is a small team with a wide scope.
It seems bad to actually make me feel better about that.
Yeah, I mean, this is what I mean.
It just comes out in execution.
Yeah, so we have resources to put behind the wider scope now.
But yeah, it's counterintuitive.
And I would say in a lot of ways, like,
if you're not doing something counterintuitive,
then you're probably not going to win.
So this is like our factor of that.
Everyone else will kind of look at this and be like,
oh, that scope creep, or you need to go narrower.
But we'll make it work.
The wider scope always has a better benefit.
It just always does.
We've been getting a lot of open router tokens.
We had our first billion token day.
And then, well, I say a lot.
Like, we're still early.
I had our first billion token day, and it was like--
We got 2 billion the next day.
The next day is 2 billion.
Yeah, we're just--
It's jumping.
I like it, except I don't know if I like open router.
So I know you're looking at it right now,
because your face is blowing out.
[LAUGHTER]
Boy, it's funny how blind we've been
flying, because open router's been like our only source of data.
So we're like latching onto it.
It's like the only chart we can look at.
So it's kind of you.
And it's a chart.
Look.
But I finally got a daily active user chart up yesterday.
Which is nice.
I'm excited about that.
Wait, it's an actual chart, because I like charts.
Not just numbers.
Can I look at a chart?
It's a chart.
Yeah.
Like where?
I don't know.
Are you in there, a CloudFlare account?
Probably not.
Oh, probably not.
I'll give you access after.
I found deep inside Cloud.
I literally spent like two hours yesterday clicking
every single screen in CloudFlare.
The CTO CloudFlare was responding to me,
helping me find the right screen.
That's how it's funny.
Funny what the situation this was.
But I found a place to compute unique active users.
So cool.
I just enabled-- I have to enable something.
So I just enabled it at midnight last night.
And we're already at 2.4k for the day,
which is higher than I would expect.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
So there's thousands of people using us every day.
Good to know.
Yeah, we have no-- this is the first time learning that.
Like we had no way of knowing, which is unfortunate.
Like when you build a website, it's like--
Everything's just there.
You just know.
Like you always know.
I've been working on a website for a decade.
And I just always know how many people use it.
But not so in dev tooling.
People don't want you sending off random requests.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's annoying.
That's why the Cloud3R Analytics didn't work right away,
because it's oriented around websites.
And I like-- they're like, what do you mean you
want the number of unique visitors to API slash and JSON?
If you have a dot JSON.
Like we don't--
We have zero.
And look at that, zero visits.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, that's funny.
Yeah.
But yeah, it's fun to see some of this information,
because you can kind of-- I got it though,
the version of open code and the user agent header.
But they don't be able to see the distribution of people
updating and stuff.
But yeah, that'd be nice.
What else besides open code?
Or other things about open code?
[LAUGHTER]
Let's see.
What else is going on in my life?
I almost died in my run today.
Oh, he almost died.
I'm not a baby.
Yeah, so my Friday runs, we go to this beach park area.
And the last few times I took Zuko with me,
so he goes on my run.
And today, we were a little late later than we normally go.
And I took a path that's not directly on the beach.
And on the way back, we got caught in this one mile
of zero shade path.
It was so crazy hot.
It was super hot.
Zuko was barely moving.
He was walking so slow.
I was like, oh.
This is like, I'm dying.
You're going to die.
I literally ran.
We made it to back up parking lot.
And I had lives like drive all the way to other sides
so she could pick us up.
And yeah, it was funny.
We were walking.
And then we had a little bit of shade.
And Zuko was like, realize it.
He would just stop moving.
He would just stay there and not want to--
Just chill.
I want to move.
Yeah.
And I'm like, it's funny because at the beginning of the run,
he was like way too hyper and like going way too hard.
I'm like, you're going to regret this so hard.
Because you can't tell a dog, like, hey,
this is actually like a 10 mile hike.
They're going to go into it.
They're just going to go out right away.
And they're going to be like, wait.
This is going on forever.
He's going to pace himself.
Yeah.
I'm going to go on a deep and deep run this.
The implication of what I just said
is also really crazy because they like
live so crazy in the moment.
Because they can't even think like, oh, this walk
is going to last this amount of time.
And then we'll be done with it.
They're just like in the moment running.
And they're like, I'm running.
I'm outside.
I'm happy.
They can't even like, there's no concept of eventually,
this will be over.
This will be over in 30 minutes.
And I'm like, what is it like to live like that?
Because we obviously are nowhere close to anything.
But like that kind of onset.
Like I can go a whole day and not live
in this current moment for like 10 seconds.
Yeah.
Yeah, Casey and I talk about this with kids
because they say like kids.
Oh, true.
I think it's the is it the default mode that adults are in.
Your brain is in default mode or whatever,
where you're both you're not really in the present moment.
You're like, anxiety about the future.
And pressure about the past.
Yeah.
But kids don't have it until a certain age.
And so they say like kids, you also
can deactivate it with mushrooms, like magic mushrooms.
And so Casey and I, like kids are basically just
always running around on mushrooms.
And that's what Casey and I say.
Like when they're doing something,
picking a flower and just like staring at it
or like chasing a bird around.
Like we just always say like mushrooms, man.
What's it like?
Just man living on mushrooms.
We described that like picking a flower looking at it.
I wonder how much of this is like a purely biological thing
and more like a lifestyle thing.
Because I know people, I've come across people
that are like this as adults because they
have a certain way of living.
There's this woman that lives.
She's so weird because she kind of looks.
She's always like dressed in like barely any clothing.
She's always like, not like I'm not like saying like,
oh, she's like things actual.
I'm saying she's like always in.
These look sunburn all the time.
She's like, she's outside all the time.
And she's always just got like the middle clothing you need
so she can absorb as much sun.
And she's white.
She's like just like red and sunburn all the time.
Yeah, I always see her around.
And she's always like just looking at her.
You just feel like she's in the moment all the time.
And the funny thing is she's got,
and she almost seems homeless.
Like that's kind of the vibe.
But then she's got this like really perfect
Australian Shepherd that's always with her.
Never on a leash.
And the dog is like her and the dog are both like
the same exact energy as living totally in the moment.
And it's always walking around.
I'm like, what are they?
Clearly this person like doesn't have to work,
doesn't have like is in some kind of lifestyle where like,
you know, things are pretty relaxed.
Yeah.
So I feel like they like,
yeah, she probably lives.
Figured it out.
Like that. Yeah.
Yeah.
I want to figure that out.
That sounds so nice.
I mean, I think the dog thing,
don't dogs very much take on the personality of their owners,
right? Like, or just like take on the mood and everything.
Like they feed off of their owners.
I've known other dogs where they were very amped up
because their owner was very amped up.
That's definitely a thing. Yeah.
Yeah. That's definitely a thing.
At the same time though, like we always mean,
let's always talk about this because they're like,
so Dormans are extremely,
generally really extremely focused on individual people
because they're like personal protection dogs.
So there's before getting a Dormans,
you hear all this stuff about like,
oh, they're so entombed your emotions.
They're like, they like marry you, whatever.
And Zuko just never does that at all.
Like let's just like,
there's been times where I've been crying.
And he just like,
just is annoyed that I'm not like playing ball with him.
But he just doesn't. He just doesn't take take on the owners stuff at all.
He's kind of in his, in his own world.
But I think other dogs. Yeah, they do that.
Yeah, this whole in-the-moment thing is,
it's a constant pain point for me.
I feel like I don't ever just like appreciate a given moment.
Or just like, it makes the days go by so fast in years, I guess.
Just when you're always kind of buzzing toward the next thing.
So do you know what Jay does every morning?
Meditates, right? Yeah.
But he's been doing this since he was a kid because his dad wasn't to it.
So he's gone to a really crazy level of meditation practice.
And he always shares like, there's like different levels.
And your brain starts doing
weirder things when you unlock these different levels.
He's always talking about that.
It's basically like hallucinogen effects, right?
Like the same thing was saying about mushrooms.
He was telling Liz that this is the crazing I've ever heard.
Because no one on the planet feels this way.
He's reached a point where he looks at his life and he's like,
"Man, this is going to take forever.
My life is so long.
Like what am I going to do with all of this time?"
I have never heard anyone express that feeling.
Yes.
Isn't that crazy?
Like that's what that does.
Yeah, because none of us feel that way.
Well, like where's the time going?
Like I have such a little time left.
But he feels the opposite.
That sounds amazing.
Maybe this needs to be a team thing.
Maybe you all need to.
Yeah.
Okay.
I want to get it on some meditating.
For one hour.
Can I?
Yeah.
The other part that he's mentioned is hour.
Does he do an hour every day?
I think it's an hour.
I don't know the exact thing, but.
Oh my god.
Is there like a light version of this where I can do it in like 10 minutes?
Maybe you built up to an hour.
Maybe it's like running when you build up to it.
Yeah.
The other funny thing is,
and this is a very common thing that when you meditate,
there's like weird physical body effects.
And one is you feel like your hands are really large.
You feel like you're giant, giant hands.
Dax.
I'm not kidding you.
Is that what happens when you have too much rooms?
I cannot confirm her demise, but I'm going to send you a tweet.
Let me see if I deleted it.
I might have deleted it.
That I don't know.
Oh, did I delete it?
Maybe I shouldn't.
I don't know.
I feel like I've been talking a lot about things on this podcast that maybe I shouldn't.
Is it like rappers?
How they can be like a shot a man and like you can't get onto them?
Because it's like a song.
This is like a podcast.
So.
This is entertainment.
Yeah.
When I talk about work print movies and.
And work for listen drugs.
Like listen, this is art.
Okay.
It's art.
Get off me.
Get off my case.
Anyway, at one point I tweeted a picture of my hand
because I was so crazily impressed at how large my hand was.
I just tweeted it.
I can't find it.
I might have deleted it.
But can confirm an elevated states, your hands look huge.
But I mean, that's what they say.
That meditation, you can do all the same effects as hallucinogens.
Just do it naturally.
Interesting.
Yeah, man.
But to be honest, the hallucinogen thing has been.
I feel like this feeling of not able to live in the moment has even messed that up.
Because from now, well, I haven't done them in a while, but the reason is because the last
couple of times I like hyper fixate and all the things that I'm thinking about or worried about.
Yeah.
I like need to be trying to solve.
And like the actual experience of the trip is very negative.
I will say the next day it feels incredible because I feel like I literally cannot think
about these things anymore and my brain just can't even go there.
So it helps in that way.
But the actual experience itself, like I don't want to do it anymore for that reason.
There's like too many things that I'm like worried about.
Yeah, it is interesting.
I mean, I've had some experiences in adulthood.
It's interesting that those like, they were great experiences for me.
Never had any negative experiences.
Yeah.
But it's not a thing I ever think like, man, I want to do that again.
It's not there's like no habit forming nature to it.
It's just kind of like.
No, it's because it's not like a pleasureful feeling.
Like even even just even when you're having a good trip, you're like,
you're like kind of uneasy and like it feels a little off and weird.
So like yeah, it's just not something you want to dive into every single day.
Yeah, but I do keep seeing like psilocybin and art news articles and stuff.
There's a lot of people pushing like for PTSD and other things like clinical purposes.
Yeah, it's not really good. Yeah, it's not really good. The ketamine also,
obviously, and medically controlled doses, non-Pelon musk doses.
That's funny.
You know what I'm thankful for living in this current moment?
I'm thankful that I haven't heard nearly as much about Elon Musk or Trump or dough.
That's a really good point.
You know what I mean?
I feel like it's been like weeks of really not knowing what they're doing or caring,
not being inundated with updates about, I don't know, all that stuff.
I have no perspective on this because, you know, I told you I was like unplugged from everything.
Oh, right, right, right, right.
The only thing that didn't make it to me was a tariff officially going back into place.
Oh, really?
I haven't heard too much about that.
Well, that's not because the deadline was the 31st.
That sounds bad.
Is it going to ruin our economy?
I don't know, we'll see.
I don't know.
What is our economy even doing?
Well, it is an economy.
Something you ever just think about the broader machinery of the world and how does it all work?
When people talk about printing money and they talk about all these things and mechanisms and
countries lending each other money, it just all just blows my mind.
I can't even got brand.
The thing to bring it down to a micro level, sometimes when I travel, I'll drive through
some rural place with a small town and people in this small town will have these big pickup
trucks that are maybe worth like $100,000.
And I'm like, yeah, this pickup truck required $100,000 worth of parts and materials and labor
and all that stuff.
Like how, and if you think about the little town as like it's on country,
they can produce stuff and trade.
How are these small towns able to produce that much stuff to trade externally to buy
this very expensive vehicle?
Like, what are they?
Whoa.
Like, imagine that when the town can service each other, that makes sense.
Like someone grows food and someone, whatever, but they need to produce extra stuff on top of that
to sell to the outside world.
I'm like, how does this work?
Okay.
So I feel like I know the answer to this and it's surprising that this isn't obvious,
I guess to you, but maybe it's my unique.
Is it government?
No, maybe it's my unique life experiences.
I've lived in those small towns of like a thousand people my whole life.
And I've made my money on the internet where it's not just-
Well, yeah, the internet thing makes sense.
Yeah.
So like, it's just they make their money elsewhere and they live in the small town.
But that doesn't explain every single person.
Like that makes sense.
It's not every single person now.
Okay.
Even in your town, right?
I'm sure the wealthiest people probably do that.
But like, let's say like the middle class, the more middle area.
Are they also making their money elsewhere remotely on the internet?
Yes, probably not.
I don't know.
What were they doing 10 years ago?
I do.
That definitely wasn't-
I do often have the thought like, how do so many people have money?
And like not like crazy money, not like generational wealth, but just like, I don't know.
It's like, there's a lot of nice things in America.
Even in the like, podunk area that I live.
It's like, there's a lot of wealth just floating around.
Well, whenever we drive to the typical place that we drive, like to the beach that we go to
or to like our grocery store, there's like a unique route that we take usually.
And it's like a 15 minute drive, let's say to the Whole Foods.
And the whole drive, you were driving by like the nicest houses you can possibly imagine.
Like short of a $100 million mansion.
These are like in the like $10 million range, $5, $10, $20 million range.
And it's not like a couple houses on a road.
It is all the houses on this road.
And then all the roads that fork off of them, all down that road.
It's a massive, massive area.
Yes.
And I'm looking at all these, I'm like, what the heck?
This is like thousands of people that are living at this level of quality of life.
We drive through neighborhoods like that.
Like we go to Kansas City.
And this is not like a major wealth center in America, right?
This is like, I don't know, Midwest, modest.
And you'll drive through a neighborhood like that.
And you just see, and I just wonder, I need to understand, what is the default?
Like, is there like a 80% case here where it's like doctors or like lawyers?
I think it's like doctors, lawyers, real estate.
Is that it?
You get into that field and like, yeah, it's, I think the, all those, all of those careers
are just a function of how many people are around you.
If you get to real estate, and there's like, you live in a place with thousands of people,
like, you know, that that's a lot of money for you to tap into.
Maybe the lawyers, maybe with a doctor, because these are just things that everybody uses.
So that would explain why every city in America has these neighborhoods
where there are dozens and dozens of houses that are.
It must just be that.
I will say it's funny.
Like Miami is always funny with this stuff.
One of the houses in the corner, we know that this family makes these crackers.
These like crackers that are like Cuban people love.
Yeah.
And they're like really popular, I think, and they have like a mansion because they make
these crackers.
So that was my next question is like, where do small business owners rank in the?
And I think construction is another one.
I mean, these are all small business owners like that.
Yeah.
For a lawyer, you're probably on your own.
I guess so, yeah.
If you're doing construction for your contractor, if you're like a plumber,
like, you know, kind of those work your way up to, it's not just solo.
Like you're, you have a good team and stuff.
So you're saying, you're saying a plumber is amongst these levels of standard of living.
The reason I bring that up is when I was growing up, the first dog we got, we got
this breeder and we went to the breeder's house to get the dog.
Massive, crazy house.
We learned that breeding is just like a side thing that he does.
And he's got like staff and all this stuff.
He's just a place that he's a plumber.
But like, obviously, you know, probably doing like commercial stuff, like, you know,
he probably has like a team and all of that.
Yeah.
It's, I think it's all these jobs that are just like,
every person will eventually hire you at some point in their life.
That the standard like foolproof jobs that kind of always exist.
I think that's, that's who lives there as my guess.
Yeah.
And then I guess it's like a function of time too.
I was just thinking yesterday in the shower actually about like, man,
I feel like I've been like working for an eternity.
It feels like my career has never like, it's just was the beginning of time.
And I feel that like worn down and old and like just toiling away.
And then I realized like, oh man, I turned 40 next year.
And then I was like, wait a minute.
When do people retire like 60?
I have 20 more years.
Like what are you talking about?
Like 20 more years of working?
No, I can't do this for 20 more years.
That was a lot of years.
I just, I burned too hot.
Like I go too intense.
You've got that like zen quality where you're just like,
you got that low blood pressure, low heart rate.
You're just going.
I feel like you could go forever.
And I feel like I am like a, just a, I don't know, blowtorch.
And it's going to run out of fuel.
And it's going to go out.
Yeah.
That's probably we have to figure out.
I mean, it's funny you described that about me, but it's all relative.
Like I think Jay and Frank are even more like that than me.
And I feel like relative to them, I feel more like you that can relate to that.
Yeah.
So I'm like, it's free.
It flicks on and off.
Now this past week has been very much like that.
The previous couple of weeks, I've been in a really good place.
Like just low and steady, like consistent every day.
So yeah.
And Jay is like just flat all the time.
That's amazing.
No one I've ever seen.
I'm happy for him.
Frank is a little more spiky.
Frank will do this thing where.
I love you saw my message the other day, but he's gotten sick a few times this past year.
And every single time it's been after a major feature release.
He keeps doing this thing where he just stops sleeping.
And eventually whatever his body's fighting off, his body's not strong enough to fight it off.
And he gets sick for a couple of days.
So I'm just like, okay, so maybe Frank is like this as well.
Yeah, I can relate to the not sleeping thing.
It's a pain point of mine.
It's hard.
Life is hard.
But yeah, anyway, going back to, yeah, like these neighborhoods, it's just I look at them
and it takes me a while to realize like, oh, they probably moved into this house when they were like
probably close to 50.
Yeah.
It's not like they moved in there when they were like 20 or 30.
And you imagine like a lawyer, you know, 10 years away from retirement.
Like, yeah, of course they should be able to afford something like this if they're
decently successful.
But yeah, it's bigger than you think.
I think about that same, it's the same idea with Brian Johnson because I try to like
do really well and like eat and be active and do all the things you're supposed to do
to like be healthy long term.
But he like, and I look at him and I'm like, man, like he's so healthy.
I bet it feels amazing.
And it's like, wait a minute.
He's like 45.
When he was my age, he was way worse off.
So it's like I got five years of just partying it up.
I could live however I want.
And then I can turn on the Brian Johnson in my 50s or whatever.
I'm way ahead of schedule.
It's fine.
Yeah.
I think about that too.
Yeah, it just feels like everyone's your age.
But yeah, it's like they're not.
They're like in a different phase of their life.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
You're getting ready to enter into a different phase of life.
I'm so excited for you.
It's going to be so easy.
Oh my God.
If it's an easy baby, I swear I'm going to lose my mind.
I mean, I'll be happy for you, of course.
But if you actually get off easy, it's going to be so annoying
to listen to you talk about parenting being so easy.
Have I told you the observation I've made with our friends and their kids?
Well, maybe, but I don't remember.
OK, so we have friends that are what's the right way to phrase this?
Because I don't want to sound offensive.
We have friends that are kind of like in our bubble where they're like really like
quote unquote smart and like really focused on like queer stuff,
like doing like really intense stuff like that.
And then we have our other friends who are they're also like pretty successful,
but they're like kind of that like more normal lives.
There's not as an intellectual bent to everything that they're doing.
Yeah.
When we hang out with these two groups, we hang out with our more intellectual friends.
We're like, we made a huge mistake.
We should not have kids because they're all really miserable.
Kids are like really crazy.
Like they like have not figured out this stuff.
We can have with our other friends and we're like, man, this is going to be awesome.
Because they're all like doing really great with their kids.
They all seem happier than they've ever been before.
And I'm like, there's something, I mean, there's something to be learned from here.
I don't think I have that bent like that.
I see the way that our smarter friends approach having kids.
And I'm like, don't have that just out of pure laziness.
I feel like they're like, they go really hard and like really overbearing in a lot of ways.
That is just difficult to live in.
I think this is a millennial problem.
I think it's an epidemic amongst millennial parents.
I think we're maybe it was the internet and just how much information is available.
Maybe it's like going hard the other way from what our parents were.
Like, I think there's something about that dynamic.
Like our parents generation, as parents, we look nothing like them.
And I think that's probably on purpose.
Like we're just rebelling against things we did not like or whatever.
Anyway, I would say it seems like the norm to me amongst millennial parents
to be kind of like hyper-intense about parenting and it's exhausting.
And having been on it currently is a thick of it.
It's exhausting.
And it feels like, I don't know, it feels like it's permeated everything in my life.
Like, I'm this way about everything, about work, about relationship, about kids.
Yeah, don't do it.
Stay away.
From what?
I mean, from being the-
No, no, no, for being the intense, the thing you described.
Like gravitate towards the friends you have that do not have that bend and be that way.
Yeah, I think that this really basic wisdom that's really been around forever.
But it's whatever is good for you as the adult is effectively good for the kid.
Yeah.
Because if you're like dressed out and barely able to operate,
like, it doesn't matter if what you're doing is technically good.
It's practically probably not a good thing in net.
And I'm sure other friends have like difficult moments and stuff.
But yeah, we've been hanging out with them and their kids from like the moment they were born.
And I don't know, they just seem like they adapted to it really quickly.
And things feel straightforward.
Yeah.
Maybe it's some kind of coincidence where their babies were just easier.
But I don't know, that's like way too strict of a pattern.
Do they have like hobbies?
What do they describe more about these people?
Yeah, they definitely have hobbies.
Yeah, I mean, like what specifically?
Or just tell me more about their personalities.
Or like, are they outdoorsy people?
Or do they have a lot of friends?
They definitely are decently social.
They feel like they're like alive.
Like I feel like they're like really experienced life.
And they're like live in the moment.
I think the other thing is maybe they're a little more settled into their career.
Whereas, you know, for me, like I don't see it that way.
I'm like still to me, it feels like an early stage.
But they like thinking more about other parts of their life.
Like, you know, they're like, hang out with their friends or they watch sports.
Or one of them, one of them has like a new hobby every time we hang out.
But it's like some new thing he's really into outdoorsy-ish.
Yeah.
So yeah, I don't know.
It just feels like there's a good harmony with everything going on in their life.
Yeah, just the reason I asked all that.
Like Casey and I, the strong feeling we have is that we need to spend a lot more time
with other people and a lot more time outside.
I feel like if we could do those two things, like when we do those things,
our kids seem to thrive and we'd all seem just happier.
So yeah, yeah, I want to get there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we're glad we have them because then when we have kids,
and you know, our kids can hang out and everything.
I'll hang out. Yeah, the other funny thing is we also have Liz's cousins.
So Liz has a cousin in her family.
There's basically only one kid.
There's two now that they just had another second baby, like the first kid.
He's like six or seven now.
Like the best kid you could ever hope for.
Like super nice, really fun.
Like I don't think I've ever seen her miss babe in all the years that I've known her.
It's like really nice to be around.
Like really sweet and you just would never, you can't point to what the heck caused that.
It's just like the there's nothing you would look at, like how she was raised or anything.
And there's nothing you would point to be like, oh, yeah, that's why.
It's like nobody will.
I don't think anyone, I mean, we mostly know her dad, but he's not like he was not.
He was reading books or like even thinking about any of this stuff at all.
She's kind of came out and I guess was like that.
Yeah, is that like an old soul though, they say like some people just seem like.
Yeah, they've been around up.
Yeah.
And now they're the second baby and we'll see how this baby turns out if she's the same.
The great spirit has something there.
Yeah.
But like her family's crazy.
Like, you know, they're like loud and they're like yelling and they're like,
they're not like following any kind of like good parenting stuff that you read about.
You know, like the kids are great. So what can you say?
What can you say?
I'm so, so excited for you guys.
So anxious to see how the sleeping goes, how all the other things go.
I'm excited and nervous and all of the things.
We're going to do shifts and it's going to work perfectly.
Oh, yeah.
It's going to happen.
It's so easy.
This parenting site.
It's going to be so easy.
All right.
Well, all right.
It's probably done to get out here.
A lot to do.
Yeah, and we're going to talk about other stuff now.
Oh, yeah, probably because we don't always record guys.
Listen, now we're talking about secret stuff.
We, we have a friendship outside of the podcast now that you don't get to see.
You don't get to be a part of this stuff.
We do in private.
What happens in the privacy of our bedrooms?
I just remembered that this is a podcast when we start talking about stuff like that.
Where are we on YouTube again?
Are we going to move somewhere else now?
I have no idea.
Should we?
We're kind of a mess.
I don't know.
Wherever you've found this, congratulations.
It might be somewhere else.
That's part of the fun.
You got to find us every week in a different YouTube channel.
Different YouTube.
All right.
Yeah.
See you.
All right.
Yeah.